fix(health) add upstream health to the reference doc (#1887)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/1.3-x/health-checks-circuit-breakers.md

the ongoing traffic being proxied and determines the health of targets based
on their behavior responding requests.

> ## Healthy and unhealthy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Defining healthy and unhealthy
```

   and does not limit the response. *Failing to do so might lead to health
   checks not being executed.*

### Upstreams

> Besides the individual targets having a notion of health, also the Upstreams

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with health check functionality on individual targets, Upstreams also
```

have a notion of health. The health of an Upstream is determined based on the
status of its Targets.

> The configuration of the Upstream health is done though the property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration of the Upstream's health is done though the property
```

`healthchecks.threshold`. This is a percentage of minimum available target
"weight" (capacity) for the Upstream to be considered healthy.

> A simple example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a simple example:
```

> - assume an Upstream configured with `healthchecks.threshold=55`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assume an Upstream configured with `healthchecks.threshold=55`.
```

> - it has 5 targets, all with a `weight=100`, so total weight is 500 in the ring-balancer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It has 5 targets, each with `weight=100`, so the total weight in the ring-balancer is 500.
```

> Now failures start to occur, and the circuit-breaker for the first target trips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When failures start to occur, the circuit-breaker for the first target trips.
```

> It is now considered unhealthy. This now means that in the ring-balancer 20% of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now considered unhealthy. This means that in the ring-balancer, 20% of
```

> the capacity is unhealthy (100 weight out of 500). This is still above the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the capacity is now unhealthy (100 weight out of 500). This is still above the
```

threshold of 55, so the remaining targets will serve the traffic of the failed
one.

When a second failure occurs, another target fails, and another 100 weight is lost
as unhealthy. Now the ring-balancer operates at 60% of its capacity, but still

> within the threshold configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within the configured threshold.
```

If we assume that the 2 failures occured due to a system overload, we can now assume
that the remaining 60% will also not be able to cope with the full load and soon a third

> node will fail, reducing healthy capacity to 40%. At this point the Upstream health

Reviewer: ```suggestion
node will fail, reducing healthy capacity to 40%. At this point, the Upstream health
```

> will be less than it's threshold, and it will now be marked as unhealthy itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be less than its threshold, and it will be marked as unhealthy itself.
```

> It will only return errors while in this unhealthy state. This allows the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once it enters an unhealthy state, the Upstream will only return errors. This lets the
```

> targets/services to recover from the cascading failure they were experiencing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
targets/services recover from the cascading failure they were experiencing.
```

> Once the Targets start recovering, the health status of the ring-balancer will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Targets start recovering and the Upstream's available capacity passes the threshold again, the health status of the ring-balancer will
```

> automatically be updated once the available capacity passes the threshold again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically be updated.
```
